Update variables documentation (#1133)
pajbot/pajbot: docs/variables.md

## Available filters:

`strftime` - allows you to format raw time strings - Help: https://strftime.org\
`lower` - converts the variable all to lowercase\

> `upper` - converts the variable all to uppercase\

Reviewer: rephrase to real english please

`title` - converts the first letter in each word to upper case\
`capitalize` - converts the first letter of the first word to upper case\
`swapcase` - swaps all upper case to lower case and vice versa\
`time_since_minutes` - outputs the time since a certain input time in minutes\
`time_since` - outputs the time since a certain input time\
`time_since_dt` - outputs the date since a certain input date\

> `urlencode` - replace spaces with a `+`\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`urlencode` - URL encodes the value. see https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Percent-encoding\
```

`join` - join characters together using `,`\
`number_format` - format numbers using `,`\
`add` - ????\

> `or_else` - if nothing, return what is specified\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`or_else` - if the previous filter failed, return what is specified\
```

> `or_broadcaster`/`or_streamer` - if nothing, return the streamer's name\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`or_broadcaster`/`or_streamer` - if the previous filter failed, return the streamer's name\
```

> `slice` - ????

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`slice` - slice the string like a python3 string - see https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-index-and-slice-strings-in-python-3 (NOTE: We don't support what they call 'stride')
```
